The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, the show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
It's summertime, and the livin' is easy.
This is cool. This is cool.
This is cool.
That one was pretty fucking cool, Juice. It was a cool song. I'm gonna burn that onto my CDs later.
I'm gonna put that up on Kazaa for other people to listen to.
That's good shit, man. So it's summertime basically,
and this is the My Brother, My Brother, Me summertime preview.
A lot of people can't even put a fucking t-shirt on until we tell them how to.
So it's basically summertime at pools.
We have been getting so many emails and tweets saying,
will the livin' be easy this year?
And Justin just went ahead and gave that away right off the top.
The livin' will be easy. It's been about three years and change since the livin's been easy.
The livin' hasn't been especially easy, but let me just say, you're allowed to sweat.
You don't need our permission to have a good summertime sweat.
Some of this stuff is getting way, way out of hand, but I think it is time for us to give our picks.
For summer 2019, and I'm gonna start with wet chairs.
What chairs? Tell me about this, Triad.
Public pools, environmental pools, out, out, out, out, out.
Wet chairs. You sit on them, the moistness of it comes on to you,
and if you can do it somewhere where there's a breeze or a fan, even better.
But the chair is gonna be, in 2019, the chair is gonna be wet, folks, so.
Can I give you another big, maybe this might even be a summer surprise, of what's in and what's out.
The sun's out.
Oh, wow, yeah.
That's fun.
It's out?
The sun's out, yep.
And also, guns out.
Oh, guns have been out, except for water guns, and even those are on thin ice.
The family towel.
Okay.
Wait, it's 2019, you can't spend the extra energy to wash a bunch of towels for your whole family.
Yep.
Detergent is terrible, the water you use is terrible, the electricity you use is terrible.
Family towel.
One big towel.
Hey, kids, everybody get underneath this massive towel, and let's get dry as a family.
We're all gonna go into the arcade together.
And they don't like our wet trunks in there, do they?
They are, they don't like our wet family,
and we're gonna show them that we can be as dry as any other family in there,
with this huge shared towel.
Well, take that, Billy Bob's, or whatever.
It's themed to things everybody in the family likes.
There's a PAW Patrol corner, and a bunch of cigars in the middle.
That's for little brother.
That's for my little brother who loves to smoke.
I do, I love that shit, man, the big cigarettes.
Now, Justin, it kind of sounds like you're describing potentially like a quilt towel.
It's a family towel.
It's a family towel, Travis.
It's not my trend.
Travis, it's just what's on trend this year.
Use your fucking ears.
Can I tell you-
I don't have a bunch of excuses for it.
This is another what's out, sand buckets.
What's in, sand suitcases.
So we're putting sand in suitcases in 2019, folks.
That's correct.
How fucking random is that?
Well, but here's what it is, Griffin.
Here's what we realized, when you put sand in buckets,
what are you gonna do when it's time to go home?
You're gonna take, that might spill out of the bucket,
but if you put it in a suitcase, you can zip that closed,
keep that sand for next time.
I'll tell you what's out, popsicles are out.
Get out of here, popsicles.
What's in their place?
Slopsicles, Justin.
What's a slopsicle?
Well, you know how they make a popsicle with some sort of fruit juice, typically?
Slopsicle can get a little bit sillier than that, I guess.
Like what?
Well, let me bring this up.
Savory popsicles.
What's going on with these things?
And they don't exist.
Like a borscht?
A borscht would be totally, totally dope.
I'm sitting by the pool and I scoff at it and go sit in my wet chair
and I'm beating the heat, but I could really use a treat.
But not a sweet treat, a savory, savory sort of chicken stock popsicle.
A slopsicle, if you will.
Now we're cooking with summer gas.
I like that.
Hey, hey, mom and dad.
The newest food trend for your family this summer, baked steak.
Ooh.
Bake it.
So the grill and-
Throw your grill in a well.
Throw it in the pool because you're not going to need either of these fucking things anymore.
You don't need the pool and you don't need the grill
because your family's going to be so busy eating baked steak.
They're never going to get wet again.
You know what else is out this summer?
Cannibalism.
It's out.
Yes.
Don't stop eating the folks.
Stop it.
We had a lot of fun with that in 2018, but it's over now.
It's done.
And listen, we know all the celebrities were into cannibalism in 2018,
but they're off it now.
And we shouldn't have endorsed it on our show last year.
I feel terrible.
Because it's murder, folks.
It is murder.
It was always murder.
Even if you're doing free range farm to table cannibalism, it's still bad.
Still pretty bad.
So let me go ahead and say, I hope this one doesn't turn out like cannibalism,
but tank tops are out and stank tops are in.
Now-
And I know it seems like I'm just adding S to the just common summer things,
but this is a tank top that does already have quite a scent to it.
Hey, it's 2019.
And this year, nobody worth their salt is using wild seagulls to give their pool a beachy feel.
We all had a lot of fun in 2018 using wild seagulls that we captured in the wild
and then tied to lawn chairs to give our pool a beachy feel.
We're not doing that anymore.
Stop doing that.
Stop it.
Go untie those birds and drive them back to Myrtle Beach in your car.
They'll appreciate it and everyone will think you're a hero for returning those birds.
You know what else is out?
What?
Slip and slides.
Slip and slides are out?
You know what's in?
Grip and stands.
We're going to put down some of those like things you put in your shower on your slip and slide.
You're going to take a run at it, but then, oh, good.
Plenty of grip there, even though the surface is wet.
And you're going to stand confidently and finish your beverage.
Sight gags.
Let's deal with it.
The hat with two beer cans out.
Out, pretending to drink from an empty koozie.
In.
Very funny this year.
Very funny.
Out, shirt that says FBI, federal body inspector.
In, shirt that says FBI, federal Bible inspector.
That's in.
A shirt that says FBI, Federal Bureau of Investigation.
It's funny.
Songs.
Let's do it.
Baby shark.
Out, adult dog.
In.
That's the new summer anthem.
Adult dog.
Too many beans.
In.
Not enough beans.
Out.
LMFAO.
LYLAS.
In.
LMFAO is back.
Well, shit.
They're back in.
No, we just let them back in.
And that's how fast these trends move, folks.
It's a very fast thing.
The adult dog died.
Out.
Cucumbers.
In.
Newcumbers.
Now, what are newcomers?
They're cucumbers I just bought.
Okay, got it.
I had some cucumbers in my fridge and they went bad and they got real soft and I had to throw them away.
And then I had to go buy newcomers.
Yep.
These are Travis's good new cucumbers.
My newcomers.
Those are our summer trends for 2019.
I'm excited.
I hope you're excited.
But mainly this is an advice show.
So that's what we're going to be predominantly doing.
That's still on trend.
As on trend as it ever has been in this time of change and evolution, some things remain the same and advice is one of those for us.
Here's a question from you, our listening audience.
If you've got a query that we can help with, please email mbmbam at maximumfund.org.
I'm a happily married man and right now my wife and I aren't looking to have kids.
Sometimes, however, my wife will watch her friends' kids for them.
She is great with kids and even though I don't feel I am, the kids seem to like me too.
So much so that they like drawing us pictures.
Naturally put them on the fridge like a good adult should.
How long do I keep these pictures on the fridge?
I have no emotional attachment to them but I also don't want to hurt their feelings.
Being parents yourselves, I figured you would have some insight into the matter.
Help me, brothers.
What's the statute of limitations on kids' drawings when you don't have kids?
That's from Coloring Calamity in Colorado Springs.
All right.
Yeah, we can tackle this.
How many, if I were to try to count, if I had one American dollar for every piece of paper
printed out that had a drawing of a bug, let's say a caterpillar or a ladybug on it,
that my little guy had splotched some not even correct color paint nowhere even close to this
fucking bug.
Not even touching, not even accidentally getting within the lines even a little bit.
I could retire from all work and buy the United States and run it like some sort of mad emperor.
So like, if I hung all of these on the fridge, the fridge would fall over with the last one
I hang and kill me.
So like, I can't do all of them.
It's, see, Charlie just finished her first year of preschool, and so she brought home
treasures almost every day, and my wife and I have had this ongoing debate that I feel
like I can tell when she put a lot of heart into a piece and when she was just kind of
watching the clock, letting it tick down to 130 and she's gonna dip out and be like,
oh, I guess I can't finish them all, I don't care.
Anyway, bye, suckers, bye, have a nice nap, idiots, I'm going home.
You gotta appreciate it to the face, but then the refrigerator, that's daddy's box, that's
where daddy keeps his favorite stuff.
And if it's gonna go up on daddy's favorite box, like, you know, I wanna know that the
artist had intent.
I wanna know that my son didn't just sort of splurge some shit down while he was sort
of absentmindedly just thinking about Pikachu, as he is wont to do, constantly, because he's
my wonderful boy.
Here's the thing, question asking, the next time that kid comes to your house, he's not
gonna be like, hey, Mr. Derek, where the fuck is my picture?
Like, unless he is.
Unless he's the kind of kid who would do that.
Unless he's a real fucking minkus that's gonna put you on blast.
I would say, but if he comes back and he's like, where is it?
Just say, I submitted it to the local gallery for consideration.
That's good.
Oh, that's good.
No, well, it's not good, but it's something.
It's something you can try.
It's lying to a child, yeah, I mean, that's what it is.
Unless you did.
I've kind of gotten pretty good at just throwing stuff away secretly.
You know that one scene from Now You See Me where they're like passing the card all around?
That shit is so cool.
Oh my god.
It's so fucking cool.
That's me with like bad pictures of rainbows, just like slipping it, like no one's looking.
It's behind you.
What's that over there?
Tres.
I have also gotten good at that with eating food off of my daughter's plate that she's
not going to eat, but also refuses to let me eat.
Oh my god, yeah, I am like the Harlem Globetrotters, just like taking a little chunk of meatloaf
off Henry's plate and like twirling it around his head so he gets dizzy and he's like, wait,
where's it?
It's gone.
Okay, who cares?
And I'm like, yeah, I care.
I care about the delicious Trader Joe's meatloaf flavor I have now.
Notorious food thieves, the Harlem Globetrotters.
Yes.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Did we, I mean, I don't think, here's what I've ended up doing, okay?
Get a big Tupperware thing, just a gigantic, just the biggest one you can find, and then
just keep throwing things into it.
I'm making, it's a debt that I'm building against my future self, but it's not current
my problem.
But it's not.
It's my future problem.
It's not because one time, like four or five years ago, our papa brought me a cardboard
box full of my like first grade bullshit, and he said, I thought you would want this.
Okay, but he brought you a box of 3% of your first grade bullshit.
I don't know, the box was full.
What if you peeked then, though, there's no way to know.
You'd think if I had gone through that and been like, oh God, this is good, this is so
much better than this shit I'm creating now.
I like Travis's old shit.
I like Turkey Hand.
It was a good Turkey Hand.
Man, ever since Turkey Hand, it's all been so fucking downhill.
A lot of stuff was derivative of Turkey Hand, and these days, it's just like, at our live
shows, Travis busts out Turkey Hand, and it's like, oh God, man.
Remember when Travis said, knock, knock, dad said, who's there, and Travis said, knife,
and dad said, knife who, and Travis said, would you rather work nightly or knifely?
A real joke that three-year-old Travis told.
And you've never done anything that good on this show, Travis.
It's a really excellent, it subverts, it's an excellent joke that I'm still laughing
about to this day.
I memorized it verbatim.
It's an excellent joke.
And do you remember when that car was gonna hit me, and you lifted it up from the back
of the wheels of it, like Hancock, when you were five?
Yeah, I try not to do that anymore, though, just because of my back, you know?
But I was three, my guess.
And that's it, you peaked, you were so, and do you remember how fucking cut and handsome
you were at five?
Yeah.
And now you are just a shambling mess of bones and skin?
I know.
Remember?
Yes.
You remember the treatment for Hancock, and you sold it, and it sat on the blacklist for
20 years, but you made a ton of fucking cash?
I remember that, and I also remember, and I don't know why they didn't credit it as
based off a true story, like it originally said on the manuscript when I wrote it, of
like, this is my life.
I got my oil changed, and the place that I get my oil changed at, I started to sit down
in like the hangout area, where you wait for your car to be healthy and ready for you again,
and they did have a TV that was showing Hancock, and it mystified me that that was the choice
that they had made for film to watch in 2019 in their waiting room.
So I called a Lyft, and I came home, where there was no Hancock.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Yes.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Emma Cant, thank you Emma, it's Yahoo Answers user Cuddlepunch,
who asks, what would a heaven for elephants be like?
What would a heaven for elephants be like?
Let's get this out of the way.
Peanuts.
Not funny.
Next answer.
I think that what if in Elephant Heaven, everything was scaled to their size?
Because like right now, if an elephant tried to go into an office building, it would just
be a fiasco, right?
The hallways would be too narrow, the doors are too small.
It'd be a mess, yeah.
But this is like a world in which the elephant can get in an elevator, you know what I mean?
An elevator.
No, no one makes that joke, because it's fucking heaven, Griffin, for elephants.
There's probably some elephants that would find that pretty funny.
They go to hell.
Here's all I'm saying.
An elephant never forgets.
Okay.
And elephant will be in heaven for eternity.
So an elephant in heaven is simultaneously living the entirety of existence as it understands
it at all times.
Not only is there an eternity ahead of it, there's an eternity of moments that are in
its past that are inescapable, right?
Think about that for a second.
It never forgets.
So probably they would need some way to rectify that, I imagine.
I think elephant heaven is the ability to forget, and that's all I'm saying, is like
they just want to be able to forget something.
Welcome to heaven.
Wait, what did you say?
Oh, awesome.
I'll tell you one thing that I know for certain about elephant heaven, and it's that the clouds
have to be extremely thick.
Thick clouds.
They're very, very, very thick clouds, or else these bad boys are just going to right
through them because of their considerable weight, thick, thick clouds.
You know what would be cool is if as when you die when you're an elephant, which is
the saddest thing I can imagine, but then you're up and elephant cheese.
If you die when you're an elephant, you die in real life.
Did you know that?
I think you get walked into the, well, it wouldn't be pearl because I think that's a
little too close to ivory.
It would be made out of some badass shit that elephants like.
But elephant St. Peter or St. Peanut is like, oh, we're right this way and I'll lead you
into elephant heaven, and on the way in, you have to go through the border here, and the
border is just Thomas Edison, and he has his nuts up on a table, and you get to step right
on them.
You step right on them as you go in, and everybody gets to do one, so that would be one thing
you get.
Is that Thomas Edison's hell or heaven?
Thomas Edison, he might be, listen, we're not here to kink shame anybody, we're as
accepting as the next one, but that's a pretty intense, that's a fun kink, but you can only
do it once, it seems like.
Well, on Earth.
Yeah, that's a good point.
That's a good point.
His groin just reforms and he's ready for another rumba, if you know what I mean.
Yeah, I don't think he would like that.
I think that would probably be his hell.
Do you think if you're an elephant and you're sick or getting a little old, and you suddenly
realize that you've just walked to the elephant graveyard, do you think you're like, oh, damn
it!
And then you die?
Ah, shoot.
What did I do?
I shouldn't have come.
Think about that, if every time a human being was about to die, we just found ourselves
walking towards a cemetery, and you're like, oh, well, I guess this is it, I'm going this
way for some reason.
Bummer.
I wish I could turn around, but I guess I'm...
I was walking a quiz nose, just kind of lost my train of thought.
Nah, farts.
But then you get to stomp on Tommy Ed's balls, and that's pretty righteous for me.
Shoot, man, I'd want that to be my...
I'm not a fan of the gentleman, I would like that waiting for me at the pearly gates.
I think we all, I mean, we're gonna be up there for a while.
We have this time for everything.
So every week...
We can get over there and stomp on those balls, no problem.
You get a little bulletin slid under your door every week, and it lets you know a schedule
of who's gonna be there for a ball step, and then also, you gotta be separated into teams,
so I'm on the indigo team, Travis and Justin, you're both on the blue team, so you get to
share the experience.
And you guys get to go at 4 of 15, and then you do get to go stomp on Tommy Ed's balls.
And is it always Thomas Edison?
No, they're gonna cycle people in and out, yeah.
Okay, are they all going to be inventors?
Most of them are inventors, yeah.
Like the guy who made guns, his nuts are dunzo.
The devil, the devil gonna come up there, because boy, his works are pretty naughty,
I think.
He's gonna get on those nuts.
Oh, crap, here's another question.
I had a party at my house tonight, and everyone has left except two people.
Now I'm laying on the floor, waiting for these two people to leave so I can go to bed.
They said they need some time to sober up, which is understandable.
We don't want people to drive drunk, but they both just opened another drink.
How do I get them to leave?
It's from Drowsy in Denver.
That's why-
You can't just go to bed, can you?
Can't you just go to bed?
Just go to sleep.
Um, yeah, I mean, that's one rude option.
I mean, Simitonic didn't do all this work for you not to play their song for people.
Thank you, yes.
For this exact syn- this exact syn- situation- situation-emulation.
And what's great about that song is not only is it directed to the point, like, hey, it's
closing time, but it is of such a quality that the more it is repeated, the harder it
becomes to listen to.
Like, the first time you hear it, you get this, like, nostalgic, like, oh, closing time.
And then the second time, you're like, oh, it's closing time.
And then by, like, the third, fourth, fifth time, you're like, I have to get out of here.
Like, it is an effective tool, as well as being a direct message.
I can listen to that- I could hear that track about five times before it even started to
irritate me, though.
No way.
I think I would be into it for about 15 minutes.
You're a strong man.
It's a good fucking track, though.
It's a great track, Simisonic's one of Simisonic's best, I'd argue.
I think you need to bump into them to make the drink spill, because that works for me
most of the time.
And you're laying on the floor now, so that's going to be a tricky situation.
You are going to have to get up and walk directly over to where they are, probably on the couch.
And wow, bumping into somebody while they're sitting on a couch is going to be a pretty
tough- I'm not going to lie to you.
Maybe an earthquake?
Can you simulate an earthquake, or say you have vertigo, and just sort of spill right
into their four locos or whatever?
Call them an Uber, maybe?
But that's expensive.
Hmm.
Call them names?
Nah, I don't think you want to be mean.
Turn on some TV show that you're watching right now to the episode that you're watching.
Uh-huh.
Right?
Oh, that's good.
That would get me to leave any room.
Oh my god, yes.
I'm like, uh, what are you watching, and it's like, oh, this is season four, episode three
of Damages.
And I'm like, okay, goodbye, man.
I don't want the first three seasons and change of Damages to be spoiled for me, so I'm going
to just go ahead and go.
I might have watched Damages.
I would leave a room where Rufus from Bill & Ted was reading Winning Lotto Numbers if
it was playing a TV show that I had not seen in the middle of the series.
Hands down, nobody.
I'm out.
No matter what the show is.
I may never watch it.
No intent to watch it, doesn't matter.
Yes, exactly.
Might never watch it.
Like me and, boys, that's why I said Damages.
I'm just performances.
The thing is, is I know myself well enough to know that there is no show on Earth that
there is zero percent chance I might accidentally Sunday start watching.
Yeah, I look at Nasty.
That happened, I was on an airplane, and the person next to me was watching an episode
of Lucifer, and I thought, all right.
And I've since watched three seasons of Lucifer.
See, that's how they get you.
Yes.
They seed people all over airplanes to watch it.
Glenn Close is gonna get me when I'm not watching with her Damages.
She'll do that to me.
The thumbnail for Damages on the Amazon app, I will go there and watch my Americans show,
or my Mr. Robot, and then the whole time it's gonna be like, hey, we recommend Damages.
And Damages has a woman's face, only it's cracked in half, and peeking out in the chasm
there is Glenn Close's face, and she's giving a shh.
And so in my mind, which has never absorbed any Damages whatsoever, this is the scariest
show imaginable.
This is where Glenn Close nests inside of your brain, and smashes through your face.
It's like some sort of H.R.
Giger creation.
So you have picked up some of it.
I guess I've seen some Damages.
I guess I have, yes.
I feel like Scandal's been trying to get me for years.
Scandal has been like laying, like there's boxes propped up on sticks with like treats
underneath them for me, that are just labeled Scandal, and they're all over my house.
Yeah, Scandal will get you too.
Hey, let's take a brief pause, can we do that, to go head on over to the money zone?
Sure.
Sure, yes.
Hey Justin, what's a website that you use frequently?
A website I use frequently, um, eBay.
eBay?
All right.
Well, why don't you start eBay too?
The newer, better version of eBay.
What's stopping you?
Nothing, I guess, thank you.
That's a really good point.
Okay.
Maybe use Squarespace.
But wait, I did think of one thing.
I thought of one thing.
Okay.
I don't know how to make one.
Oh, okay, buddy, you should mention that.
Oh, I'm seeing here in the copy, just that one of our sponsors is Squarespace.
Using Squarespace, yeah, you can use it to build a website like eBay too.
Or-
Fuck, this is a good commercial.
I couldn't hear Griffin over the sound of him signing up for Squarespace.
Yeah, because he's going to use it to showcase his work on like Instagram too, or promote
your physical or online business like eBay too, or announce an upcoming event or special
project like Fyre Festival too.
And Squarespace does this by giving you beautiful customizable templates created by world-class
designers, powerful e-commerce functionality that lets you sell anything online, and everything
optimized for mobile right out of the box.
Analytics that help you grow in real time, and 24-7 awards-winning customer support.
Make a stand out, stand out with a beautiful website from Squarespace.
So head to, go to, or check out Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch, use the offer code my brother, all one word, to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
I just want to take everyone inside the show for a second.
Sometimes there are certain sentences you have to say in these ads, and in the ad here,
they're called a call to action, and in the Squarespace call to action, it's head to slash
go to slash check out Squarespace.com slash my brother.
And Travis just wanted to do them all, and let you, the listener, kind of sort through
them.
I couldn't pick one.
It's choose your own call to action.
You know, maybe you like to head to stuff, maybe you like to go to stuff, maybe you like
to check out stuff.
I don't want to make that decision for you.
Maybe Travis didn't check out and you're like, I've never checked out anything in my life.
How dare you, sir?
How dare you?
I'll head there, but certainly not check it out.
I might go to if the circumstances are correct.
I just got an email that a very special box has come in my way, and that box is going
to be full of handsome clothes that are going to look slick on my bod, and that is because
I am a user of Stitch Fix.
And I think everybody should be, because you get really nice looking stuff, you can expand
your sort of style palette if you want, and it's exciting to get these boxes, and then
if you don't like what's in the box, you only like a few things, you only pay for the stuff
you keep.
It's really, really slick.
And you also have a personal stylist that's going to help you figure out what looks good
on you, and they have all kinds of good clothing brands, and it's super easy and super fun.
We all have a bunch of Stitch Fix.
I think I'm wearing, let me see, I'm wearing a Stitch Fix shirt right now.
It's a handsome button-down dark blue oxford with some pineapple, or what are the palm
trees on it?
So that looks good.
Summer time is fun.
Wait, I'm wearing a Palm Tree Stitch Fix shirt too!
Ah shit.
Whoa.
Uh oh.
So it's good shirt, and the clothes are great, and shipping and exchanges and returns are
always free.
So get started today at Stitch Fix dot com slash my brother and get an extra 25% off
when you keep everything in your box.
That's Stitch Fix dot com slash my brother.
One last time, Stitch Fix dot com slash my brother.
Well, Alexis, we got big news.
Uh oh.
Season one, done.
It's over.
Season two, coming at you hot.
Three years after.
Three and a half.
Technically almost four years.
All right.
And now, listen, here at Can I Pet Your Dog, the Spanish hit podcast, our seasons run for
three and a half years.
And then in season two, we come at you with new, hot co-hosts named you.
Hi, I'm Alexis.
And I also have a field trip.
Dog tech?
Yeah, dog news.
Dog news.
Yes.
Oh, big shots.
We'll not let them talk about their resume.
Nope.
Only the dogs.
Yeah, only the dogs.
I mean, if ever you were going to get into Can I Pet Your Dog, now's the time.
Get in here every Tuesday at MaximumFun dot org.
I have a Yahoo here.
Can I read?
Oh.
What did you do?
Nothing.
Did you want to do a question?
No.
I wanted to do one of my patented bits.
All right.
Do it then.
What's stopping you?
Well, okay.
Well, I just don't like to interrupt with them.
I feel like that was really irritating everybody.
So I just stopped trying to interrupt with them.
Who is that irritating?
We were the people you interrupted and I thought it was-
I want to munch.
Squad.
Nailed it.
Toronto!
I'm so excited to-
Got me.
It's still on the farewell tour for Munch Squad as we continue to sunset this great
bit.
But before the sun goes down, sun's coming up because it's summertime, and I've got two
great ice cream related news for you, the people.
First up is a quick hit of Munch Squad Junior, if you will.
Baskin Robbins has Stranger Things inspired flavors.
Ew.
For-
Eggo waffle?
Yeah.
Like a waffle?
Very good, Griffin.
Eleven's Heaven is a waffle cone flavored ice cream with chocolate coated sugar cone pieces
and chocolate icing flavored ribbon.
So that's called Eleven's Heaven because the character on that show is fictional and loves
waffles.
Can I guess one?
Yeah.
Dead teen.
No.
Very close.
Upside down pralines.
Chocolate ice cream with praline pecans and chocolate caramel flavored ribbon.
I don't know why that's from the upside down.
Yeah.
What's that?
Thematically, how does that-
I don't understand.
We're not done.
The press release here says, because after all, even demogorgons love ice cream.
No, fuck you.
They don't.
Here's the items that they have, because it's not just about flavors.
It's about items.
And some of these are just so- Okay, so there's an upside down sundae.
There's a demogorgon sundae.
Hey, all right.
There's Briar's House Lights Polar Pizza Ice Cream Treat.
Shit.
Yes.
What?
You can't say an object that isn't ice cream in your ice cream name.
Briar's House Lights Polar Pizza Ice Cream Treat.
What?
Is that all of it?
Is it all one thing?
Briar's House Lights Polar Pizza Ice Cream Treat.
If it was just called Polar Pizza Ice Cream Treat, that would be a lie.
You know, do you remember when- Hey, 90s kids, remember when an owner writer hung up a bunch
of lights to contact the ghost of her dead son in the demon dimension?
Well, good news.
We done made a polar pizza about it.
Come on down to Baskin Robbins.
USS Butterscotch Quartz.
What?
Ah, you have watched every episode of this show?
No fucking idea.
Eleven-Aid freeze.
Eleven-Aid?
Eleven-Aid.
Because fuck it all.
We're done.
We're sending this show to the fucking ground.
Exclusive Stranger Things merchandise, including a one of a kind Steve Funko figure.
All right.
Now, okay, what they mean is a Funko figure of the character Steve, but what they have
done is combined two words in very close proximity to make the name Steve Funko, which sounds
like the owner of the company.
There's also collectible containers.
We wanted to give fans a taste of the new season of Stranger Things and are thrilled
to partner with Netflix to give customers across the country an experience straight
out of Hawkins, Indiana.
Whether you love the show that says Carol Austin, Vice President of Marketing for Baskin
Robbins, whether you love the show or just love some seriously delicious ice cream creations,
we've got something for everyone because those are the two kinds of people that are on Earth.
And that was supposed to be the Munch Squad Jr., but it's so wild.
I don't think I have time to do the other one, which is perhaps wilder.
Well, I've got to hear it, but keep it tight.
Dairy Queen has unveiled a lineup of box of happy subscription boxes.
Box of happy.
Listen to this because it's really challenging.
DQ box of happy dot com.
You go there.
You know, you know how Dairy Queen's a place that has chicken tenders and blizzards, right?
Uh huh.
Okay.
Well, now it's a place where in partnership with Coca-Cola, you can get a summertime subscription
to three different boxes of happy.
And in the box of happy, oh my God, it's three months of summer themed kits, each bringing
to life a quintessential seasonal activity with a delicious twist, quote, although subscription
boxes are hugely popular, today's families are seeking unique experiences instead of
more stuff.
So what Maria Hockenson, the executive vice president of marketing and American Dairy
Queen Corporation is saying, um, is that people do love the boxes, but they hate that the
boxes are full of things that would be of use to them that they would want to keep in
their house.
So what you're going to do is you're going to give them $45 for a subscription that will
only last three months, definitely.
And in the, let's just use the June camp in box as an example.
It's got a built in faux non-flammable campfire.
I'll decide what's, I'll decide what's flammable, exactly right.
Everything's flammable.
If you try hard enough, it's a non-flammable campfire designed to work with a smartphone
to create a warm glow and crackling sounds of a real summer bonfire.
I can't imagine any version of what you just described that isn't tremendously shitty.
There's a D and there's also a DQ camp in shadow puppets, storybook and two flashlights.
Ooh.
To create handmade critters and imagine stories.
A do-it-yourself shadow puppet box.
Thank you DQ.
There's a $10 DQ gift card to try the June blizzard of the month.
Now the arc of this month's parent of the year award goes to this guy that said, hey
kids, good news.
Today we're going to sit around a fake campfire that's powered by daddy's phone and we're
going to do a shadow puppet that we bought from Dairy Queen and then when you get part
of that, you'd say you hate me and you want to go back to your mom's house.
I do have a $10 Dairy Queen gift certificate to you.
We will just bail.
When daddy shines a flashlight on this page, it makes a shadow of, let's see here, Dillybar
Doug on the wall.
I don't know if fucking Dillybar Doug is dad.
This book sucks and you suck.
I don't know if Dillybar is Ron.
It's dad.
No, it's Doug, please.
And so look at that.
It's the shadow of blizzard Bill.
I'm walking to mom's house.
Mom's new friend Kyle makes his own shadow puppets and he doesn't have to buy them from
an ice cream store.
He can do a fucking monarch butterfly with one hand.
Dad, the July box is a waterproof box that opens to reveal a built-in twisting sprinkler.
In the box?
In the box.
Don't care for that.
Oh man, I just can't believe, I can't believe.
It includes a splashdown activity book.
How many other ways are there to moisten children in a play setting?
It's out of control.
Out of control, but anyway, you can get that.
Dairy Queen is not part of the equation in the obtaining of this.
It is literally just you go to DQ box to have, but you subscribe and I guess you have to
come in to redeem your gift certificate.
Unhappy tastes good.
Happy do taste good.
You taste good though.
I have a Yahoo here a bunch of people sent in.
Thank you everybody.
It's Yahoo Answers user Walton who asks, how do I get a better grip on popcorn?
I have an issue where I drop popcorn all over myself and it's especially embarrassing in
movie theaters.
When I first met my wife, I would always avoid eating popcorn around her and say I'm not hungry,
even if I was.
Oh, that's so sad.
It's pretty sad.
For anyone who is scratching hunger itches with popcorn though, I feel like that's why
the concession stands sort of huskier options like a hot dog are available, but that's obviously
not the main crux of the question.
It's that popcorn is very, very hard to eat.
I mean the irony is like if you eat one piece of popcorn at a time, it's no problem, but
it is also the most unfulfilling eating experience on earth.
I need at least six to seven kernels at a time.
I need to ruin this bag, but I keep dropping them and they do fall on my pants and penis
where then the butter makes things that makes people think that I've done it down there.
Just put your face in the hole.
Of the popcorn?
Yeah.
Just put your face in the hole.
Put your face in the hole.
So wait, put your face in the hole?
That's what I'm saying.
Just put your face in the popcorn hole.
Oh.
And if people look at you funny, just look at them and be like I'm trying to avoid making
a mess.
I'm trying to be hygienic here over here.
But then while you're talking the popcorn falls out of your mouth, lands still on the
pants penis, and then it's horrible.
Horrible embarrassment.
What if you get a piece tucked up in your glasses that way, Juice?
Oh, I don't wear glasses.
I have perfect beautiful vision.
What about in your nose?
You got a nose, don't you?
You're saying if I get popcorn stuck in my nose, what respite will I have?
Yes.
Is that what you're saying to me?
Is that what you're asking me, a 38-year-old man?
Yes, Justin.
Let me ask you this about your fucking great plan, Justin.
Do I need to take my glasses off to do this?
Because follow-up question, how do I see a dog's purpose on the screen?
Put your face in the bucket, dear Liza.
Glory to God.
You just put your face in the bucket.
Do I take my glasses?
Now, if you're wearing glasses- Yes, answer the fucking-
If you're wearing glasses, I would say go eat some carrots and grow up.
Wow.
Now how do I eat the carrots without embarrassing myself, Justin?
Put your face in the bucket of carrots.
And what if I get a carrot stuck in my glasses?
Now that doesn't make any sense, Travis.
You're trying to do a joke.
I have very tight glasses.
That's what I tell everybody.
When they ask me the number one thing about you, I say tight glasses.
Tight glasses that have good carrot grip.
They touch- Tight glasses, wet chair.
Yes.
Totally in.
They touch his eyeball meat, and he likes it like that.
Yes.
Not contacts.
Don't confuse it for contacts.
It is just very close to the eyeball.
Keeps the eyeball in glasses.
Can I invent something?
Sure.
Can I invent something right here, right now?
Do you need us to stand back?
Yeah.
Give me some room to breathe here.
Okay.
Because you're cramping me a little bit.
Sorry, like tight glasses?
What about a big popcorn spoon that you can bring into theaters with you, and it would
be ladle-like so that when you lift it from the popcorn bucket, you know what's going
on in there.
You can scout it out.
You can figure out the angles, and get the perfect amount of corn with each scoop, and
then you bring it up to your mouth, and tuck into it there.
This is like a halfway point between Justin's monstrous wild bee steal suggestion, and a
good suggestion.
I think Travis will agree with me, and that's garbage, right Travis?
It's close.
Now what do you think about this?
A popcorn shovel.
Okay, and it's kind of vaguely spoon-shaped, and you use the popcorn shovel to just pile
the popcorn into your mouth.
What do you think about that, Travis?
Now if I may, Justin, that is garbage alone, but if you include a popcorn funnel to go
with the popcorn shovel.
Now you're turning this into a fucking double-dare challenge, and you're wild about it.
So like, and maybe, maybe the popcorn, okay, here's what you need, hey folks, buckle in,
this has just become a two-person operation.
You have, just let me finish, Griffin.
You have the popcorn funnel on an apparatus that is positioned above your head.
You have a plant, you have a compatriot of some kind sitting in the row behind you, they're
slightly raised.
They have the popcorn shovel.
They will shovel into the funnel for you, while you look up, and then it funnels into
your face from there.
This sucks, I had such a good thing, and you guys are trampling all over it.
Okay Griffin, what about smaller popcorn?
I think you call them shred-ums.
Yeah, just tiny, tiny popcorn.
Oh damn, shred-ums would eat the butter up so much better.
Yes.
Holy shit, shred-ums would be tight, Trav.
Are we talking about big popcorn that we have put in a food processor for approximately
0.2 seconds?
No.
Or the corn kernels themselves were smaller when they got baby popcorn.
Yes, yes.
We take baby corn, we throw this motherfucker in the microwave.
Now we're killing it, yes.
This is like, if you looked at it up close, you'd be like, oh, that's normal popcorn,
and then you're like, zoom out, idiot, and then you zoom out and you're like, whoa, shit,
that's very tiny compared to that quarter you've put next to it.
Those are kernels of popcorn sitting on the surface sands of a desert, and then you pan
out and you realize, that's my hand, and that's how little these guys are.
Yes.
Ooh, little popcorn would be good, I would still like my spoon to be in there somewhere,
but little popcorn is really good, guys.
And what's good about little popcorn, what's good about it?
You can do my second invention with it, which is the popcorn tube.
And with this, it turns it into a game because you can kind of siphon baby corn off of your
neighbor or the people sitting in front of you, like a powerful elephant trunk, and then
we can make a game out of it, and you get a certain number of points by how much micro
corn you snooched.
Oh, okay, are you ready for this?
Now, we've put out micro corn, tiny corn's been out for a long time now, right, maybe
like 20 years, but now we're starting to get complaints of like, I have to eat so much
of it before I feel full, right?
Now we introduce giant corn, and one popped kernel is gonna sit, like that's a handful.
It's a helmet.
It's a helmet that you wear, and the person sitting behind, they'll know the person sitting
behind you gets to enjoy it.
So...
And then after 20 years of that, people are like, well, yes, this is a lot, and then you're
like, here's a regular popcorn, and then you reintroduce popcorn classic.
I'm a genius.
Would you do theming?
Of what?
Like how?
Like what?
Like, remember this popcorn shovel that people used to use?
Yeah, back when it was just regular plain old boring popcorn?
Before our popcorn hats that we ate off our neighbors?
It had a Secret Lives of Pets 2 logo on it.
Each kernel?
Oh, okay.
That's badass, man.
Now I'm on, okay, I'm back on board now.
Well, I just think that would be a fun thing for me and my kids.
So like branded shovels.
Yeah.
And here's one thing I've got is special Secret Lives of Pets 2 earplugs that you can
wear so you are not distracted by the sound of the person sitting behind you eating your
hair hat, basically.
Now you won't be able to hear the film that way.
No, it plays through the headphones, plays through the headphones.
And maybe you're just watching it on your own private screen, like you have just a smaller
screen in your hand so that way you can ignore all the popcorn eating going on around you.
I have a question for you guys.
Okay.
If I'm DQ Box of Happy order number one, two, two, three, does that mean that only 1,222
other people have done this insane thing?
Can that be right?
That's so many people.
It's so many.
I think it's few.
How do people even find out about it?
I kind of expected more or less.
I don't know.
It definitely wasn't that number.
That number is definitely not what I had in mind.
Yeah, you expected, it's 2019, so you expected either 500,000 or three.
One of the two.
Yeah.
I hear you.
What about just corn on the cob?
Popcorn on the cob is great.
No, not popped.
Oh, just raw corn on the cob.
Do it yourself, popcorn.
Uncooked, unshucked.
I have a secret air fryer.
I live in an apartment with two other girls, and the house shares most things, TV dishes,
game consoles, et cetera, but recently I bought an air fryer, and I don't want to share it.
I've used it once, home alone, and it smells very strongly of food, so much so that using
it in my room might be a hit that I have it.
Should I just suck it up and share?
How do I better hide that I have this in my room?
Have you all noticed that once a week, it smells like chicken in the house?
Have you ever noticed Vicky smells like chicken in her room, and you open the door, and you
see a flash of blanket, and then there's just this rectangular smoking object in the middle
of her floor.
Her apartment burns down every time, isn't that weird?
You can't hide an air fryer.
It's an electrified stink maker is what you bought.
That's a really terrible humidifier.
It's a bad broken humidifier that I bought.
Why can't you share your fabulous fried goods with everybody else?
Did you get burned in some other appliance?
You share game consoles.
Did they delete your Witcher save, and now you're all upset about it, because I can
pretty much promise you that they're not going to delete your air fryer save.
I don't think you're going to lose your progress on air fryer.
Maybe one of their roommates is like a real food experimenter, like, I tried to make s'mores
in the toaster, and it's like, yeah, but you ruined the toaster.
Maybe they're worried, you tried to air fry an ice cream sandwich, you destroyed it.
What were you fucking thinking?
You ruined my air fryer.
It's just seasoning it.
You're just seasoning it.
Everything is a little bit of the story of this air fryer, and it all adds to the flavor.
That's an air fryer's purpose.
That's the new movie that I've been writing about the life of an air fryer when it was
adopted by a young boy, and then it ends up being used by 16 generations of the same family.
I haven't seen a dog's purpose, but I assume that that's what it's about.
I would never have guessed.
Yeah, you have to imagine.
When one robot dog works its way to becoming human by replacing one part at a time.
Yeah, until it finally receives a boner from the good doctor.
Dr. Light is Mega Man X6.
The boner one.
The boner, but people, shorthand online communities will call it the boner one.
I do kind of love the idea, I will say this, I love the idea that, you know, kitchen counter
space is always so limited.
I love that one of my roommates would take it upon themselves to save that counter space
and just keep it in their room.
I do like that part of it.
That's kind of you.
Yeah.
I will say, if I had a roommate who said, you can use it, but you have to come ask me
every time, spoiler, I'd never use it.
Fair, yes.
Let me pitch this, it's another of my great inventions, and this will be like my own seasoning,
sort of like Old Bay, just like a new sort of blend, and when you put it on food, it
makes it taste just like rancid shit, and then you can cook, you say, hey, I got this
new air fryer, you cook it for your roommates, but you do season it with Griffin's special
stuff, and then when they eat it, they're like, wow, this tastes so bad, and you're
like, hmm, I guess the air fryer sucks, and then they won't want to use it because of
the bad taste I put on it with mide powder.
I see.
I mean, I guess, here's the thing, Griffin, I'm having a hard time coming up with jokes
because that's such a good idea.
And then there's other uses for Griffin's rancid shit powder is like a prank against
a school bully.
Convince your dog not to eat something.
Convince your dog, maybe keep a tongue off for the doggy, prank against the school principal.
Justin, what would you use Griffin's rancid shit powder on?
What would you put it on?
Tiny popcorn.
Well, yeah, here's the thing, there's definitely, people drink malort, there's definitely some
people who would want to eat Griffin's rancid shit powder.
It's not made out of actual shit, it's synthetic, chemical, I would not make people eat poop
as a joke, because that's a crime.
But you wouldn't make them eat it as a bet, right?
No, no, it's not poop, it's not poop, but the principal, oh my god.
I hate him so much, and I would love it if his lunch could have a bad stink on it.
Here's the thing, he's so uptight, he's so uptight, and you know what, before you feel
bad about it, he's been embezzling from the school.
I didn't want anybody writing in saying like, I'm a principal and someone made me eat rancid
shit powder, and I felt terrible about it for days.
Like, well, you're probably not an embezzler, so that's probably fine.
Justin, what else would you do with my shit powder?
Folks, this has been a great episode, my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
modern era.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself as much as we have.
We've had so much fun this week.
A quick announcement, if you are in the area, I think we still have some tickets if you
want to come see us in Indianapolis or Nashville here in like a week and a half or so.
Or rather a couple days, because this is going up on Monday.
Correct?
Yeah.
So that'll be what?
The what?
The 10th?
So you're like five days.
We're going to be in Nashville, be at the Ryman on June 14th and 15th.
That's the adventure zone of Mobinbam, respectively.
Then June 16th, we're going to be in Indianapolis at Clouds Memorial Hall.
And that's June 16th.
You can get tickets at bit.ly forward slash become the monster.
And we got a bunch of other shows up there.
We're doing a book tour this July, and then we got a bunch more shows you can go buy tickets
for.
A lot of them have sold out.
So if you haven't bought tickets yet, please come and come and do so.
We'd love to see you.
And also, we are actually adding two more adventure zone stops on the on the grand cross
country trip that we're taking.
We are going to be doing Taz in San Diego during Comic Con at the Balboa Theater on
Saturday, July 20th.
And then we are adding a show in Washington, D.C. at the Constitution Hall.
And that's going to be Wednesday, September 25th.
Both of those are going to be Taz shows and tickets for those go on sale this Friday,
June 14th at noon, local time, local to where the shows are taking place.
So don't don't sleep on those either.
We've got merch, go check out the merch.
Yeah, there's new merch.
Don't do a hit pin.
There's a bean juice mugs are still available.
If you could just please, for the love of God, just please.
We bought so many.
Maybe you bought one for someone you love and they got it and they loved it.
And maybe you accidentally knock it off the counter and it breaks and you got to buy a
new one.
Have you noticed you don't see people talking about bean juice as much as they do about
other classic My Brother, My Brother, Me Bits?
Yeah, us too.
And we bought so many of these fucking mugs.
Bean juice didn't really catch fire the way, well, we were financially anticipating.
Forecast isn't great for these brands.
So maybe, you know, maybe we need to start like a hashtag save bean juice where like
you buy mugs and you send it to network executives to save bean juice.
Don't explain it to them.
Don't explain to NBC why you sent them a bunch of bean juice mugs, but that might be the
key to saving bean juice.
So thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song and to departure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Great, great, great stuff there.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us, all them great shows too at MaximumFun.org.
And if you haven't already, pre-order book two of the Adventure Zone graphic novel, Murder
on the Rockport Limited.
It comes out mid-July, I think the 16th or 17th, something like that.
You can go to theadventurezonecomic.com and pre-order that now.
What are you waiting for?
Oh.
Here's our final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Joseph.
Thank you, Joseph.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm going to call them.
Craigamy asks, it has been revealed today that Kelsey Grammer is going to be the new
Doctor Who.
My name's Justin McElroy.
That's all I want.
My name's Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximum Fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.